Update Readme with release information (#1095)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java: README.md

Libraries will usually only need `opentelemetry-api`, while applications
may want to use `opentelemetry-sdk`.

## Releases

OpenTelemetry Java is under active development. Releases aren't guaranteed
to conform to a specific version of the specification. Future releases will
not attempt to maintain backwards compatibility with previous releases.

> The latest version of the library was released on March 27th, 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest version of the libraries were released on March 27th, 2020.
```
